Overview
This lab task requires creating a personal portfolio page that will showcase work and utilize the skills learned in the course. The page should consist of a header, a landing section with an avatar picture and a short bio, a featured projects section, and a contact me section with a form to enable visitors to contact the user. The libraries used in this lab are Chakra UI, Formik, and Yup. Chakra UI is already pre-configured in the project. Formik is already set up in the project, and only the useFormik hook from the Formik library will be used in this lab. The global Yup object will be utilized to define the Contact Me form validation rules.

Steps
Step 1: Open Header.js and add external social media links to the header on the left side of the page. The social media information is provided in the socials array at the top of the file. The HStack component should be used to stack the links horizontally, and each social link should be an a tag with an href attribute pointing to the corresponding social media page. The FontAwesomeIcon component, which is already imported, should be used as a child of the a tag. The FontAwesomeIcon component takes two props: icon, which should be the icon prop from the social object, and size, which should be 2x. Internal links to the Projects section and Contact Me section should also be added as a tags. When the links are clicked, the url path should show the corresponding section and the click should scroll to the corresponding section with a smooth animation. The handleClick function has been provided for this. The header UI should resemble the provided image.

Step 2: Open the LandingSection.js file and implement the landing section of the portfolio page with an avatar, a greeting, and a brief role description. The data should be retrieved from the provided variables, greeting, bio1, and bio2. An avatar URL is also provided.

Step 3: Open the ProjectsSection.js file and implement the UI for the Card component that displays information about each project. The ProjectsSection component already contains a projects array with the data for each project. Each Card component should resemble the provided image.